---
layout: post
title: 📢&nbspCall for Submissions&nbsp📢
date: 2026-03-20
tags: cfp deadlines
---

🚀 Call for Submissions: USRSE'26 – {{ site.conf_theme_short }}

The USRSE'26 conference is now accepting submissions for its in-person program,
centered around the theme **"{{ site.conf_theme_full}}."**
Whether you are showcasing original research, sharing reproducible workflows, or
facilitating community discussions, there is a track designed for your contribution.

Submission Tracks Include:

- Papers & Talks: Original work and broader topics of interest to the RSE community.
- Notebooks: Demonstrating reproducible computational workflows.
- Workshops & Birds of a Feather: Teaching new skills or discussing shared interests.
- Posters: Engaging with the community during the dynamic poster reception.
- Rapid Access Microtalks (RAM): A spontaneous 5-minute slot for in-person presenters.

Key Details:

- Theme: "{{ site.conf_theme_full }}."
- AI Policy: Submissions utilizing Generative AI/LLMs must adhere to [IEEE guidelines on AI-generated text](https://journals.ieeeauthorcenter.ieee.org/become-an-ieee-journal-author/publishing-ethics/guidelines-and-policies/submission-and-peer-review-policies/#ai-generated-content).
- Review Process: All submissions undergo peer review for quality, relevance, and novelty.
  Rejected papers/talks are encouraged to submit as posters, and rejected posters can still participate via RAM.
- Deadline & Portal: Submit via the USRSE'26 EasyChair site: <https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=usrse26>

For full details on track requirements and participation, visit: <https://us-rse.org/usrse26/participate/>

Let's come together to shape the future of research software engineering in an AI-driven landscape.
#USRSE26 #ResearchSoftwareEngineering #OpenScience #RSE #RSEng